Okay, I want to give a talk about creating things that aren't code from AI. There's three things I want to introduce in the beginning. One is dad's workout video. And the key part here is that I used agentic to create a Python script that created an MP3. Two, I want to talk about creating the flowchart with Jacqueline. And the key part here is that I'm using AI to iteratively build a mermaid for a very complicated diagram that I can never create this mermaid by hand. And then three is creating the SVG for spoons. And the idea here is that I can do the same process to create diagrams now in my slides. That renders. And that allows me to create stuff. And then I want to start with the importance of journaling. And I think I want to talk next about using journaling at the retreat. And what it created. And then I want to talk about using the interview process to do my daily statuses. And then I want to talk about switching that to, okay, do you vomit or do you interview? I think in the end, there's maybe a bit of both. I think interviews give vomit and vomit leads to interviews. But all of this creates this core data. And that data then can be analyzed as an individual coach for so many different places. Blogs, daily status, images, weaknesses, strengths. Things I don't know about, blind spots, patterns. There's so many different ways a coach would look at any given thing and help you. And now you have this raw data that can get there. I also at some point want to talk about creating the document that outlines how to do the builder pattern. And I want to talk about using it for naming. That's a thing I think is really powerful as well.

I'm going to need to introduce a bunch of patterns as well so that people can understand. Obviously the interview and vomit pattern, but checkpoints, knowledge documents, reverse direction, cast wide or multiple solutions, iterative process. I think all those are going to be needed.